Improve text around RFC 7661 (#155)
NTAP/rfc8312bis: draft-ietf-tcpm-rfc8312bis.md

is different from the multiplicative decrease factor used in {{!RFC5681}}
(and {{!RFC6675}}) during fast recovery.

In {{eqssthresh}}, *flight_size* is the amount of outstanding
(unacknowledged) data in the network, as defined in
{{!RFC5681}}. Note that a rate-limited application with idle periods
or periods when unable to send at the full rate permitted by *cwnd*
could easily encounter notable variations in the volume of data sent
from one RTT to another, resulting in *flight_size* that is
significantly less than *cwnd* when there is a congestion event. The
congestion response would therefore decrease *cwnd* to a much lower
value than necessary. To avoid such suboptimal performance, the
mechanisms described in {{?RFC7661}} can be used. These describe how
to calculate a new *cwnd* for sending and after congestion, a

> new *ssthresh* with a value between the *cwnd* and *flight_size*. The

Reviewer: Would it be better to state:

"These describe how to manage and use the  *cwnd* and *ssthresh* during a rate-limited Interval, and how to update *cwnd* and *ssthresh*  after congestion has been detected.

> mechanisms described in {{?RFC7661}} can be used. These describe how
> to calculate a new *cwnd* for sending and after congestion, a
> new *ssthresh* with a value between the *cwnd* and *flight_size*. The

Author: ```suggestion
mechanisms described in {{?RFC7661}} can be used. These describe how
to manage and use *cwnd* and *ssthresh* during a rate-limited Interval,
and how to update *cwnd* and *ssthresh* after congestion has been detected. The
```
Diff of @gorryfair's suggestion - OK to merge?

Reviewer: Works for me.

Reviewer 2: works for me as well.

> new *ssthresh* with a value between the *cwnd* and *flight_size*. The

Reviewer 2: Yes, I like this text.

mechanism defined in {{?RFC7661}} is safe to use even when *cwnd* is
greater than the receive window, because it validates *cwnd* based on
the amount of data acknowledged by the network in an RTT, which
implicitly accounts for the allowed receive window.

Some implementations of CUBIC currently use *cwnd* instead of
*flight_size* when calculating a new *ssthresh*. Implementations that
use *cwnd* MUST use other measures to prevent *cwnd* from growing when
the volume of bytes in flight is smaller than *cwnd*. This also
effectively avoids *cwnd* from growing beyond the receive window. Such
measures are important to prevent a CUBIC sender from using an
arbitrarily high cwnd *value* when calculating new values for
*ssthresh* and *cwnd* when congestion is detected. This might not be as
robust as the mechanisms described in {{?RFC7661}}.

A QUIC sender that uses *cwnd* to calculate new values for *cwnd* and

> *ssthresh* after detecting a congestion event is REQUIRED to apply

Reviewer 2: is REQUIRED (in caps) a known term?

Author: Yes, see RFC 2119. Same as MUST.
